README.md, before:

# tlsn-duolingo

[IN PROGRESS]

Prove that you have a x day streak on Duolingo

Little project to learn how to use TLS Notary, trying to prove that you have certain streak on Duolingo.

I still need to check if it's possible. 

One way is to manually create the proof in the browser with certain request.


## Motivation
I have a running 1725 day streak on Duolingo. Whether it's the right tool for learning a language or not, it not expected to be thought now. I just enjoy a few minutes every day playing with this app and learning something. 

I was thinking that my streak is entirely in hands of Duolingo. If I want to show someone I have this streak I have to show them my Duolingo app or send them my user for them to check using their app. I want to try some idea of moving that data to blockchain so I can own it. It can also be possible to create some NFT that you had at some point a streak of x amount of days.

The complication is that the streak can be lost any day, so what I'm thinking is generating a proof that at a certain date you had a certain streak. 

I also want to take privacy into account. I use Duolingo with friends and family, but maybe I want to share my streak with someone I don't trust, without revealing my identity or any personal information.

It's still an open problem in my head how or where this could be used. But the thing is I love streaks, so having this data on chain would be amazing even if I can't use it anywhere. However, maybe there are some ideas, like being able to participate in some kind of chats only if you have a streak bigger than x, or comparing your streak with someone you don't know nor trust.


## Steps needed to build this project:
- [ ] Check where to obtain data
- [X] Do some TLSN hello world. Evaluate if it's an appropriate tool
- [ ] Create some proof generator
- [ ] Create some proof verifier or check if I can use the one that already exists.
- [ ] Deploy some app?


## Future work
* Find use cases with this data.
* Allow people to mint a NFT only if they have a streak bigger than X.
* Come up with a better name.


## Notes
TLS Notary outputs this when creating the proof:
```
Successfully verified that the bytes below came from a session with Dns("example.com") at 2024-09-08 14:14:50 UTC.
Note that the bytes which the Prover chose not to disclose are shown as X.
```
So it's a good option for this idea.

Commit message:

chore: research from where to obtain streak data

README.md, after:

# tlsn-duolingo

[IN PROGRESS]

Prove that you have a x day streak on Duolingo

Little project to learn how to use TLS Notary, trying to prove that you have certain streak on Duolingo.

I still need to check if it's possible. 

One way is to manually create the proof in the browser with certain request.


## Motivation
I have a running 1725 day streak on Duolingo. Whether it's the right tool for learning a language or not, it not expected to be thought now. I just enjoy a few minutes every day playing with this app and learning something. 

I was thinking that my streak is entirely in hands of Duolingo. If I want to show someone I have this streak I have to show them my Duolingo app or send them my user for them to check using their app. I want to try some idea of moving that data to blockchain so I can own it. It can also be possible to create some NFT that you had at some point a streak of x amount of days.

The complication is that the streak can be lost any day, so what I'm thinking is generating a proof that at a certain date you had a certain streak. 

I also want to take privacy into account. I use Duolingo with friends and family, but maybe I want to share my streak with someone I don't trust, without revealing my identity or any personal information.

It's still an open problem in my head how or where this could be used. But the thing is I love streaks, so having this data on chain would be amazing even if I can't use it anywhere. However, maybe there are some ideas, like being able to participate in some kind of chats only if you have a streak bigger than x, or comparing your streak with someone you don't know nor trust.


## Steps needed to build this project:
- [X] Check where to obtain data
- [X] Do some TLSN hello world. Evaluate if it's an appropriate tool
- [ ] Create some proof generator
- [ ] Create some proof verifier or check if I can use the one that already exists.
- [ ] Deploy some app?


## Future work
* Find use cases with this data.
* Allow people to mint a NFT only if they have a streak bigger than X.
* Come up with a better name.


## Notes
TLS Notary outputs this when creating the proof:
```
Successfully verified that the bytes below came from a session with Dns("example.com") at 2024-09-08 14:14:50 UTC.
Note that the bytes which the Prover chose not to disclose are shown as X.
```
So it's a good option for this idea.


In Duolingo, a get to `https://www.duolingo.com/2017-06-30/users/user_id` retrieves all the data.

If the request is made without authorization some data is returned but if auth is in header we get more data, like email. Streak data is in both, so I don't know if it's needed to have the auth.

The thing is I need to create a proof that the streak is mine. I can create a proof that I know a user that has some streak by sending a request without auth, but it's not as useful as saying I have access to an account that has that streak.
